# PyTorch Demo of the Hyperspectral and Multispectral Image Fusion method - MDC-FusFormer.
Using the code should cite the following paper:
# Description.
The spatial resolution of hyperspectral images (HSI) is usually constrained owing to internal imaging mechanisms. To obtain images with high spectral resolution and high spatial resolution, tasks such as hyperspectral image classification and target detection can be performed. It is an economically feasible approach to fuse HSI with multispectral images (MSI). One highly effective fusion method is the convolutional neural network (CNN). Nevertheless, CNNs are restricted in their ability to capture global information and complex features. Recently, visual transformers (ViTs) have sparked interest due to their ability to process non-local information. Yet, existing high-resolution HSI fusion methods have insufficient spatialspectral feature interaction and low coupling results in finite fusion quality. Hence, we propose a multiscale deep crossfusion transformer (MDC-FusFormer) network for HSI and MSI fusion which can effectively perform the interactive fusion of spatial-spectral features and thereby enhance the quality of the fused images. MDC-FusFormer employs a three-branch network architecture consisting of two independent progressive feature mining modules, a multiscale deep cross-fusion attention module, and a spatial-spectral feature fusion module. Shallow features at different scales of MSI and HSI after successive up- and downsampling are first extracted recursively using CNNs. The output then interacts with the deep cross-modal information at the same scales through the attention block. Finally, a multidimensional refinement convolution block is applied to refine the feature information and combined with cascaded up-sampling to reconstruct the high-resolution fused image step by step. Experimental results on five datasets indicate that compared to nine other methods, MDC-FusFormer has superior performance.
